README.md, before:

# CarND Term1 Starter Kit
[![Udacity - Self-Driving Car NanoDegree](https://s3.amazonaws.com/udacity-sdc/github/shield-carnd.svg)](http://www.udacity.com/drive)

Software for Term 1 of the [Udacity Self-Driving Car Engineer Nanodegree](https://www.udacity.com/course/self-driving-car-engineer-nanodegree--nd013). Python 3 is used for entirety of term 1.

There are two ways to get up and running:

1. [Anaconda Environment](#anaconda)
2. [Docker](#docker)

## Anaconda

Install [miniconda](http://conda.pydata.org/miniconda.html) on your machine.

Next, setup the CarND term 1 environment.

To install:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit.git
cd CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit
conda env create -f environment.yml
```

To use:

```sh
# Enter the environment, should be called before you plan to work on a project (unless already active)
source activate carnd-term1
# Exit the environment
source deactivate
```

To cleanup downloaded libraries (remove tarballs, zip files, etc):

```sh
conda clean -tp
```

To uninstall the environment:

```sh
conda env remove -n carnd-term1
```

### Install Tensorflow for GPU

The current setup only installs the CPU version of TensorFlow. If you wish to use the GPU version follow the instructions [here](https://www.tensorflow.org/get_started).

## Docker

Using Docker to run your code consists of the following:

1. Install Docker on your computer
2. Pull the precompiled Docker image from Docker Hub
3. Run the image as a new container

You may also wish to run a [python module][doc/py_mod.md] or [ipython][doc/ipython.md].

### Install Docker On Your Computer

Instructions for installation very by operating system and version.

OS Specific instructions can be found below:

- Docker for Linux
   - [Linux](doc/docker_for_linux.md)
- Docker for Mac
   - [MacOS >= 10.10.3 (Yosemite)](doc/docker_for_mac.md)
- Docker Toolbox for Max
   - [MacOS >= 10.8 (Mountain Lion)](doc/docker_toolbox_for_mac.md)
- Docker for Windows
   - [Windows 10 Pro, Enterprise, or Education](doc/docker_for_windows.md)
- Docker Toolbox for Windows
   - [Windows 7, 8, 8.1, or 10 Home ](doc/docker_toolbox_for_windows.md)

**Recommended Shell:**

| OS                                       | Docker System               | Shell                      | Access Jupyter at |
|:-----------------------------------------|:----------------------------|:--------------------------:|:-----------------:|
| Linux                                    | Docker for Linux            | `bash`                     | `localhost:8888`  |
| MacOS >= 10.10.3 (Yosemite)              | Docker for Mac              | `bash`                     | `localhost:8888`  |
| MacOS >= 10.8 (Mountain Lion)            | Docker Toolbox for Max      | Docker Quickstart Terminal | `#DOCKERIP:8888`  |
| Windows 10 Pro, Enterprise, or Education | Docker for Windows          | `Windows PowerShell`       | `localhost:8888`  |
| Windows 7, 8, 8.1, or 10 Home            | Docker Toolbox for Windows  | Docker Quickstart Terminal | `#DOCKERIP:8888`  |

### Pull the Precompiled Docker Image from Docker Hub

A precompiled image with all dependencies required for the first term is
available on [Docker Hub][carnd_docker_hub].

Once you have docker working, pull the image using the following command:

```sh
docker pull udacity/carnd-term1-starter-kit
```

### Run The Image as a New Container

In your shell, navigate to the directory of a project, e.g.

```bash
$ cd ~/src/CarND-LaneLines-P1
```

From within this directory, you are going to run a Jupyter server. In order
to do this you must attach to the correct port and share a local volume.

The easiest way to share a local volume is via the `pwd` command, a shell
command that prints the working directory. This command will be used
differently based on your shell.

If you're using `Windows PowerShell`:

```sh
docker run -it --rm -p 8888:8888 -v ${pwd}:/src udacity/carnd-term1-starter-kit
```

If you're using `bash` or Docker Quickstart Terminal:

```sh
docker run -it --rm -p 8888:8888 -v `pwd`:/src udacity/carnd-term1-starter-kit
```

Let's break this down.

`docker run` is the command a startup and run a Docker container.

`-it` forces the container to run in the foreground (interactive mode) and
provides an I/O to the container.

`--rm` removes the container once it stops running.
It prevents the buildup of stale containers once you stop them from running.

`-p 8888:8888` maps port 8888 on our local machine to port 8888 in the Docker
container, this allows us to access port 8888 in the container
by visiting `localhost:8888`.

`-v ${pwd}:/src` mounts the pwd (present working directory) to the /src
directory in the container. Basically, this let's us access files
from our local machine on the docker container.

`udacity/carnd-term1-starer-kit` is the name of the container to run.

To learn more about Docker [visit the docs](https://docs.docker.com/engine/userguide/intro/).

### GPU support

The current image does not support GPU use. An image with GPU support is in the works although this would only work with a Linux base OS.

[carnd_docker_hub]: https://hub.docker.com/r/udacity/carnd-term1-starter-kit/

Commit message:

Update README.md (#33)
I found your readme this morning and followed it, Unfortunately, the "git clone https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit.git" command did not download the environment.yml file, so I could not execute the junyper notebook when it came to the thensorflow part. So I figured out that there is no carnd-term1 environment in my python environments, which was because I did not have the environment.yml file. 
For me as a beginner, it was hard to figure out the problem, and I can imagine there are many interested people who would not be able to figure out the problems themselves. Consequently, I propose to expand the readme file.

README.md, after:

# CarND Term1 Starter Kit
[![Udacity - Self-Driving Car NanoDegree](https://s3.amazonaws.com/udacity-sdc/github/shield-carnd.svg)](http://www.udacity.com/drive)

Software for Term 1 of the [Udacity Self-Driving Car Engineer Nanodegree](https://www.udacity.com/course/self-driving-car-engineer-nanodegree--nd013). Python 3 is used for entirety of term 1.

There are two ways to get up and running:

1. [Anaconda Environment](#anaconda)
2. [Docker](#docker)

## Anaconda

Install [miniconda](http://conda.pydata.org/miniconda.html) on your machine.

Next, setup the CarND term 1 environment.

To install:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit.git
cd CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit
conda env create -f environment.yml
```
Verify that the carnd-term1 environment was created in your environments:
```sh
conda info --envs
```
If the carnd-term1 environment is not listed, make sure that the environment.yml file exists in your directory "..\\CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit". If it does not exist there, the previous conda command (conda env create -f environment.yml) won't create the carnd-term1 environment. You can manually add the environment.yml file by downloading it from the git repository (https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit/) using your browser and adding the file to the directory "..\\CarND-Term1-Starter-Kit". Perform the conda command "conda env create -f environment.yml" again if necessary.

To use:

```sh
# Enter the environment, should be called before you plan to work on a project (unless already active)
source activate carnd-term1
# Exit the environment
source deactivate
```

To cleanup downloaded libraries (remove tarballs, zip files, etc):

```sh
conda clean -tp
```

To uninstall the environment:

```sh
conda env remove -n carnd-term1
```

### Install Tensorflow for GPU

The current setup only installs the CPU version of TensorFlow. If you wish to use the GPU version follow the instructions [here](https://www.tensorflow.org/get_started).

## Docker

Using Docker to run your code consists of the following:

1. Install Docker on your computer
2. Pull the precompiled Docker image from Docker Hub
3. Run the image as a new container

You may also wish to run a [python module][doc/py_mod.md] or [ipython][doc/ipython.md].

### Install Docker On Your Computer

Instructions for installation very by operating system and version.

OS Specific instructions can be found below:

- Docker for Linux
   - [Linux](doc/docker_for_linux.md)
- Docker for Mac
   - [MacOS >= 10.10.3 (Yosemite)](doc/docker_for_mac.md)
- Docker Toolbox for Max
   - [MacOS >= 10.8 (Mountain Lion)](doc/docker_toolbox_for_mac.md)
- Docker for Windows
   - [Windows 10 Pro, Enterprise, or Education](doc/docker_for_windows.md)
- Docker Toolbox for Windows
   - [Windows 7, 8, 8.1, or 10 Home ](doc/docker_toolbox_for_windows.md)

**Recommended Shell:**

| OS                                       | Docker System               | Shell                      | Access Jupyter at |
|:-----------------------------------------|:----------------------------|:--------------------------:|:-----------------:|
| Linux                                    | Docker for Linux            | `bash`                     | `localhost:8888`  |
| MacOS >= 10.10.3 (Yosemite)              | Docker for Mac              | `bash`                     | `localhost:8888`  |
| MacOS >= 10.8 (Mountain Lion)            | Docker Toolbox for Max      | Docker Quickstart Terminal | `#DOCKERIP:8888`  |
| Windows 10 Pro, Enterprise, or Education | Docker for Windows          | `Windows PowerShell`       | `localhost:8888`  |
| Windows 7, 8, 8.1, or 10 Home            | Docker Toolbox for Windows  | Docker Quickstart Terminal | `#DOCKERIP:8888`  |

### Pull the Precompiled Docker Image from Docker Hub

A precompiled image with all dependencies required for the first term is
available on [Docker Hub][carnd_docker_hub].

Once you have docker working, pull the image using the following command:

```sh
docker pull udacity/carnd-term1-starter-kit
```

### Run The Image as a New Container

In your shell, navigate to the directory of a project, e.g.

```bash
$ cd ~/src/CarND-LaneLines-P1
```

From within this directory, you are going to run a Jupyter server. In order
to do this you must attach to the correct port and share a local volume.

The easiest way to share a local volume is via the `pwd` command, a shell
command that prints the working directory. This command will be used
differently based on your shell.

If you're using `Windows PowerShell`:

```sh
docker run -it --rm -p 8888:8888 -v ${pwd}:/src udacity/carnd-term1-starter-kit
```

If you're using `bash` or Docker Quickstart Terminal:

```sh
docker run -it --rm -p 8888:8888 -v `pwd`:/src udacity/carnd-term1-starter-kit
```

Let's break this down.

`docker run` is the command a startup and run a Docker container.

`-it` forces the container to run in the foreground (interactive mode) and
provides an I/O to the container.

`--rm` removes the container once it stops running.
It prevents the buildup of stale containers once you stop them from running.

`-p 8888:8888` maps port 8888 on our local machine to port 8888 in the Docker
container, this allows us to access port 8888 in the container
by visiting `localhost:8888`.

`-v ${pwd}:/src` mounts the pwd (present working directory) to the /src
directory in the container. Basically, this let's us access files
from our local machine on the docker container.

`udacity/carnd-term1-starer-kit` is the name of the container to run.

To learn more about Docker [visit the docs](https://docs.docker.com/engine/userguide/intro/).

### GPU support

The current image does not support GPU use. An image with GPU support is in the works although this would only work with a Linux base OS.

[carnd_docker_hub]: https://hub.docker.com/r/udacity/carnd-term1-starter-kit/
